That's enough.
Dexter, you're assistant, there's no sense of humor, not a good look for DM.
It's over for me, I've offended Dexter's business partner, he'll fire me, I'm sure.
The DM group is not interested in working with old perves who can't keep their hands to themselves.
Watch your tone boy, I've been swimmer with the sharks long before you were born.
I don't feel like repeating myself, bankrupt the W group in three seconds.
What are you?
Drunk?
You can't bankrupt the corporation just with a phone call?
Three, two, one.
Someone's unloading major shares of our stock.
Panic selling?
Our stock is worthless now?
Mr. Windsor, I am so sorry, I misspoke about Lillian.
It's too late.
Oh please, Lillian, I was only joking.
I'm just an assistant, I can't interfere with my boss's decision.
Terry, get this disgrace out of here.
He's blacklisted.
Thank you, Mr. Windsor.
Don't want us to come like that good to you.
You are my assistant because of your work ethic.
You've balanced family and work well.
I respect that.
But what about your partnership with Weston's company?
Companies will flock to work for us.
We didn't get this far by compromising our morals.
We're here for you.
Wow, he's a lot nicer than I expected.
If only my absent husband could be half as nice.